## Evaluate a Website!

1) How does this website follow HTML Best Practices? Are there any places where
it does not?  Provide examples of the "bad" code.  

* They use inline html, for example on line 32 of index.html in this folder,
  the background color is defined in the html, rather than css document.  
* It looks like it's from the 80s.  
* There are other instances of inline html. Line 172, for example.

2) What do you think of the HTML? Did the writers use IDs and Classes properly?  

> No, they didn't put any of the IDs in the css document. It seems like there is something
  dynamic happening there. I don't really know how those dynamic sites work. Maybe the
  IDs are being generated by some code in the site.

Did you like the way they used HTML tags?  Please use examples with your arguments.  

> I didn't really mind it. There is a pattern to the site, so I see how it's organized now.

3) How did the authors handle formatting? Did they include it in the HTML or
separate it into a CSS file? Or did they do both?  Again, include examples.  

> They did both. Refer to question 1 for examples.

4) Did the authors include anything you didn't immediately understand?
If so, what?  

> The nested tables. I don't really know why they nested the tables inside each
  other, rather than stacking them.

5) How did the authors organize the CSS file? Was it DRY?  

> They could have set the whole document's font-family to Verdana, and dealt with
  the exceptions. Instead they typed Verdana a lot of times.

6) Did the authors incorporate any responsive design into the site?  

> They set stuff to make it work for IE8. It should have a message instead that says
  "Reconsider everything you know, install another web browser, and then visit our site."

7) What are your overall thoughts on the HTML/CSS from this website based on
what you've read?  

> It seems alright. The site isn't pretty at all, but it does what it's supposed to.
  I'm betting that every designer that sees it cringes, but from a functionality
  standpoint, it's a good site.

#### Reflection

I'm looking forward to reading other people's answers. It was cool looking through
the site, but I think the real learning in this exercise will be seeing how other
see the website.
